docs: add a SoftwareUpgrade proposal for v2.0.3 (#11)
medibloc/panacea-governance: proposals/2022-04-upgrade-v2-0-3-min-commission-rate/README.md

# Upgrade the chain to v2.0.3 for introducing a min-commission-rate parameter and setting it to 3%

### Proposal

> This proposal is for upgrading the Panacea mainnet `panacea-3` from v2.0.2 to v2.0.3 for introducing a min-commission-rate parameter and setting it to 3%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This proposal is for upgrading the Panacea mainnet `panacea-3` from v2.0.2 to v2.0.3 to introduce a min-commission-rate parameter and setting it to 3%.
```

> A signaling proposal for this had been already approved: https://www.mintscan.io/medibloc/proposals/2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The signaling proposal for this change has already been approved: https://www.mintscan.io/medibloc/proposals/2.
```

Reviewer 2: uri of approved signaling proposal have to be changed.
```suggestion
A signaling proposal for this had been already approved: https://www.mintscan.io/medibloc/proposals/7.
```

> The signaling proposal for this change has already been approved: https://www.mintscan.io/medibloc/proposals/2.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The signaling proposal for this change has already been approved: https://www.mintscan.io/medibloc/proposals/7.
```

> For more details about the motivation of introducing the min-commission-rate parameter, please see the signaling proposal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details about the rationale behind our introducing the min-commission-rate parameter, please see the signaling proposal.
```

> ### What the chain upgrade contains

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### What this chain upgrade contains
```

> Please see a release note: https://github.com/medibloc/panacea-core/releases/tag/v2.0.3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please see the release note: https://github.com/medibloc/panacea-core/releases/tag/v2.0.3
```

### Required actions by node operators

If this SoftwareUpgrade proposal is approved, the state machine of the `panacead` will be stopped as soon as a proposed block time '2022-05-11 07:00:00 UTC' is reached.
It means that new blocks will not be produced until the `panacead` daemon is restarted with the new version.

> Then, please replace the old `panacead` binary with the new one and restart the daemon by the following guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hence, please replace the old `panacead` binary with the new one and restart the daemon by following the guide below.
```

> https://github.com/medibloc/panacea-mainnet/blob/master/panacea-3/v2.0.3/upgrade.md

Reviewer 2: This uri has no page because the branch of `v2.0.3` is not merged to `master` yet.

Author: This PR should be merged after the PR https://github.com/medibloc/panacea-mainnet/pull/27 is merged.

> If you are using the 'cosmovisor', please build the new 'panacead' binary manually and put that under the 'upgrade' directory. The auto-download is not supported yet because the appropriate version of the 'libwasmvm.so' must be installed as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the 'cosmovisor', please build the new 'panacead' binary manually and put that under the 'upgrade' directory. The auto-download is not supported yet because the appropriate version of the 'libwasmvm.so' must be installed and supported for the auto-download.
```

Author: 3e37d8e983a1638d22c8d41ab92809e64e0e13e7 Thank you. I've adapted your suggestion with some modifications.
